About VIT (Vellore Institute of Technology)
VIT was established with the aim of providing quality higher education on par with international standards. It persistently seeks and adopts innovative methods to improve the quality of higher education on a consistent basis.The campus has a cosmopolitan atmosphere with students from all corners of the globe. Experienced and learned teachers are strongly encouraged to nurture the students. The global standards set at VIT in the field of teaching and research spur us on in our relentless pursuit of excellence. In fact, it has become a way of life for us. The highly motivated youngsters on the campus are a constant source of pride. Our Memoranda of Understanding with various international universities are our major strength. They provide for an exchange of students and faculty and encourage joint research projects for the mutual benefit of these universities. Many of our students, who pursue their research projects in foreign universities, bring high quality to their work and esteem to India and have done us proud. With steady steps, we continue our march forward. We look forward to meeting you here at VIT.

VIT's History
It was established under Section 3 of the University Grants Commission (UGC) Act, 1956, and was founded in 1984 as a self-financing institution called the Vellore Engineering College. The Union Ministry of Human Resources Development conferred University status on Vellore Engineering College in 2001. The University is headed by its founder and Chancellor, Dr. G. Viswanathan, a former Parliamentarian and Minister in the Tamil Nadu Government. In recognition of his service to India in offering world class education, he was conferred an honorary doctorate by the West Virginia University, USA. Mr.Sankar Viswanathan, Dr.Sekar Viswanathan and Dr.G.V. Selvam are the Vice-Presidents; Dr. V. S. Kanchana Bhaaskaran is the Vice-Chancellor and Dr. Partha Sharathi Mallick is the Pro-Vice Chancellor.

VIT's vision
Transforming life through excellence in education and research.

VIT's Mission
World class Education: Excellence in education, grounded in ethics and critical thinking, for improvement of life.
Cutting edge Research: An innovation ecosystem to extend knowledge and solve critical problems.
Impactful People: Happy, accountable, caring and effective workforce and students.
Rewarding Co-creations: Active collaboration with national & international industries & universities for productivity and economic development.
Service to Society: Service to the region and world through knowledge and compassion.

VIT's Core values
Student focus
Strong ethics
Striving for excellence
Social development
Respect for all

VIT's Quick facts
NAAC has accredited VIT with an ‘A++’ grade in the 4th cycle
VIT has been ranked by MHRD NIRF Ranking, Govt. of India 2024 – 10th Best in University.
Ranked 791-800 in QS World University Ranking 2024.
372 acre eco-friendly campus with over 80.92 lakh sq.ft. built-up area at Vellore & 192 acre eco-friendly second campus with over 48.70 lakh sq.ft built up area at Chennai.
45 Undergraduate, 35 Postgraduate, 13 Integrated (UG/PG) and 2 Research programmes are offered in the AY 2024-25.
Over 58,000 students, with nearly one-third of them girls.
Students from 60 countries and from all states & UTs of India.
Over 2900 faculty and 1500 staff members.
3822 lakh worth funded projects sanctioned by external funding agencies in the FY 2023-24.
58 Professors of VIT are among the Top 2% Scientists in the world according to the study conducted by the Stanford University, USA in 2023.
In Limca Book of Records for the 12th time for unbeatable placement records.
Accredited by TCS, Wipro and Cognizant for academic collaboration and placements.
MoUs with TCS, Wipro, Dell, Infosys, Human Holdings, Virtusa, Zenken, L&T, SAP, KPIT, Malomatia, HCL, HPE, Worldline, Epsilon, Wheels India , BP, LSSSDC, NASSCOM, PWC, TE Connectivity.
Strong international presence across the world and partnerships with over 400+ foreign universities.
FICCI award for "Excellence in Globalization" in the year 2023.

VIT's List of schools at VIT
School of Advanced Sciences (SAS)
School of Bio Sciences & Technology (SBST)
School of Civil Engineering (SCE)
School of Chemical Engineering (SCHEME)
School of Computer Science and Engineering (SCOPE)
School of Computer Science Engineering and Information Systems (SCORE)
School of Electrical Engineering (SELECT)
School of Electronics Engineering (SENSE)
School of Healthcare Science and Engineering (SHINE)
School of Mechanical Engineering (SMEC)
School of Social Sciences and Languages (SSL)
School of Hotel & Tourism Management (HOT)
VIT School of Agricultural Innovations And Advanced Learning (VAIAL)
VIT Business School (VIT BS)
VIT School of Design (V-SIGN)
VIT School of Media, Arts and Technology (V-SMART)
School of Architecture (V-SPARC)