VIT buildings and blocks information

where is SJT?
SJT which stand for Silver Jubliee Tower, is the building just next to E and F block girls hostel when you walk straight from TT. 

where is TT?
stands for Technology Tower, before C and D block girls hostel, round shaped buildings. 

where is PRP?
from SJT go straight keep going till you find a huge building having large clock in front of it. Thats the entrance of PRP(Pearl Reasearch Park)

where is Gandhi Block?
Thats the Architecture building. Go straight from PRP till you come in front of a building that has a huge garden in front of it. That's Gandhi Block. Located at one end of the campus and adjacent to the PRP building.

where is MGR block?
The block that's exactly in front of the main gate of VIT is the MGR block. Mostly all of the administrative offices are in this block.

where is the Library?
The next building to the MGR block is VIT's Library.

where is main lawn?
It's exactly in front of the Library where the national flag is hoisted.

where is GDN?
The building that is adjacent to the all mart back side gate is GDN, GD Naidu block. 

where is SMV?
The building that is in front of Greenos gate is SRI M VISHWESHWARAIAH block, SMV. To make you better understand the building that is near to the artifact of military tank is SMV block.

where is CTS office?
Move straight from the lake towards the back side of Library till you can see basketball court on your right. CTS office is just on the back side of this basketball court.  anything related to ID cards and biometric problems are handled in this office.

where is Anna auditorium?
move straight from the lake towards the back side of Library and at the end of this road, on the left hand side its The Anna Audi.

where is Channa Reddy?
move straight from the lake towards the back side of Library till you can see basketball court. The Channa Reddy Audi is exactly in front of this basketball ground.

where is Homi Bhabha Gallery?
It is in SJT 4th floor. Room number 412.

where is CDC?
It is in SJT on 7th floor. Room no 716.

where is kamaraj auditorium?
Its in TT 7th floor. TT 712

where is Ambedkar Auditorium?
It in TT ground floor. G18.

where is foodys?
The sitting area near the amul parlour, or near samsung store, that's foodys. It a place where you can sit with your friends, hang out and have fun.

where is greenos?
the big lawn you see that's locked is greenos. It is open only during time of the fests. 

how many girls hostels are there?
Around 8-9 girls hostels are there in VIT, namely A, B, C, D, E, F, G,H,J.


Details of offices at VIT

Academics
The Academics Office is responsible for the academic and curriculum aspects of the University. It sets up the curriculum for various programs, which includes doing research on the latest syllabi followed in top global universities, and adopting global standards in curriculum design and implementation at VIT. In addition, the office handles the question paper setting for all the internal examinations conducted in VIT. 
Contact
Dean , Academics
Room No: 820, Silver Jublee Tower, 
91- 416 220 2981

Admissions
The Admissions Office handles all aspects of admissions to the various undergraduate, postgraduate and research programmes. This includes preparation, deployment of entrance examinations VITEEE, VITMEE and VITREEE for UG, PG and Research respectively. The office also administers various activities involved in ranking of the candidates, counselling for admission and verification of the requirements for admission.
Contact
UG Admissions
Director, UG Admissions
Room No: G - 09 (Ground Floor), Dr. MGR block

Student's Records Sections
The “Students’ Records Section” maintains a record of documents submitted by students right from the time of their admission to the university till the completion of their programme and even beyond. It also serves as a nodal point for distribution of semester-wise marks’ sheets at the end of semesters and other certificates such as Transfer certificate, Consolidated Transcript of marks, Provisional certificate and original Degree certificate (after the annual Convocation). It also addresses vital requirements such as issue of Bonafide and Migration certificates, Duplicate ID card/ tags, Railway concessions, and co-ordinates the application procedure for State and special scholarships during the course.
Contact
Assistant Manager & In-charge
Room No: G-14 (Ground Floor), Dr. MGR block
91 - 416-220- 2131 / 2133

Student Outreach Department
The Department of Student Outreach showcases the happenings on campus through the official social media handles and disseminates useful information through the website. The Department collaborates with the schools, centres and other administrative offices to provide publicity through digital media, thereby improving the reach of various events, programmes and news updates on campus.
Contact
Senior Manager & In-charge
Room No: G-18 (Ground Floor), Finance Officer
91 - 416 220 2174

Registrar Office
Contact
The Registrar, 91-416 220 2030

Purchase Office
The Purchase Office is located in the Main Building, which emphasises its importance. It deals with all the purchases that need to be done on behalf of the University on various occasions such as high profile events, University Fests or events of Clubs and Chapters. The purchase office helps in providing everything to ensure that the events are conducted successfully.
Contact
Senior Manager - Purchase
Room No: 106 (1st Floor), Finance Officer

Public Relations Office
The Public Relations Office is responsible for merchandising about the university and the various events that take place in VIT. They are responsible for the proper documentation of events and publicising them through the media. They also handle the organisation of all the college festivals and strive for its success.
Contact
Assistant Director, (Corporate Communication and Media Relation)
Room No: G 11 (Ground Floor), Dr. MGR block
91 - 416 220 2250 / 2152

Office Of Student's Welfare (DSW)
The Students Welfare Office is responsible for various issues pertaining to student permissions, and supports the activities of the clubs and chapters. The office works in association with the Student Council of the University and addresses the various concerns of students.
Contact
Director , Student Welfare
Room No: 102 (1st Floor), Dr. MGR block
91 - 416 220 2200

International Relation
The International Relations office is responsible for handling all the international tie-ups and MoUs with institutions worldwide. It also helps VIT students get internships abroad and admissions in foreign institutions. The IR office also takes care of incoming international students by co-ordinating with all the departments and making sure that they have a pleasant experience in our university.
Contact
The Director , International Relations
Room No: 105 (1st Floor), Dr. MGR block
91 - 416 220 2073 / 2070

Institutional Information Services (IIS)
The Institutional Information Services is responsible for gathering, consolidating and documenting various information and data pertaining to the day-to- day activities of the institution. It ensures proper documentation and collection of all necessary data at the right time and is the information hub of the Institution.
Contact
Deputy Director, RAAC
Room No: 134 ( 1st Floor), Dr. MGR block
91 - 416 220 2181

Human Resource Office (HR Office)
The Human Resources team fosters a work environment that inspires excellence in the faculty and staff. HR office provides quality HR services to attract, develop, motivate, engage and retain a diverse workforce within a supportive work environment. It emphasises on customer service, based on constant consultation and communication.
Contact
Deputy Director, HR
Room No: G - 04 (Ground Floor)
91 - 416 220 2149